# Team

<table><thead><tr><th width="162">Personnel name</th><th width="184">Position</th><th>Experience</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Alex Johnson</td><td>Project Manager</td><td>5+ years of blockchain project management experience, specializing in strategic planning, risk management and team coordination to ensure timely completion and goals.</td></tr><tr><td>Ethan Taylor</td><td>Lead Blockchain Architect</td><td>Proficient in blockchain architecture design, building security protocols, and optimizing network performance for decentralized projects.</td></tr><tr><td>Chloe Lee</td><td>Frontend Developer</td><td>In-depth skills in React, Angular, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and the ability to optimize highly interactive and intuitive user interfaces.</td></tr><tr><td>Ryan Chen</td><td>Backend Developer</td><td>Specialized in Node.js, Python, Ruby, and MySQL, experienced in building APIs and handling big data for blockchain systems.</td></tr><tr><td>Ava Williams</td><td>Smart Contract Developer</td><td>3+ years of experience with Solidity and Rust, understanding of smart contract security and integrating smart contracts into the ecosystem.</td></tr><tr><td>Mia Robinson</td><td>UI/UX Researcher</td><td>Strong skills in user research, usability testing, and improving overall experience to increase engagement.</td></tr><tr><td>Olivia Martin</td><td>Content Strategist</td><td>Conceptualize and develop engaging content for blockchain campaigns, with knowledge of SEO and social media.</td></tr><tr><td>Liam Brown</td><td>Marketing Strategist</td><td>Develop comprehensive marketing strategies, experienced in digital channels and blockchain advertising campaigns.</td></tr><tr><td>Zoe Davis</td><td>Tokenomics Specialist</td><td>Understanding of tokenomics model design, supply and demand, and fundraising process for blockchain projects.</td></tr><tr><td>Jack Wilson</td><td>Legal &#x26; Compliance Officer</td><td>Have extensive legal knowledge of blockchain, ensuring compliance with international regulations on law and security.</td></tr></tbody></table>
